# Notes

**Due to the size limitation on GitHub, we have uploaded all the experimental samples to Google Drive and Baidu Drive. They can be downloaded from the following two links.**

- google: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1j5FA8W0ivAmH0jDj-yjQh4ec2TJbWe0W/view?usp=sharing
- baidu: https://pan.baidu.com/s/1DwSIzQFW36Pwri9ns9AK_w?pwd=ac7z
  extraction code：ac7z

# Folder structures

We categorized the relevant audio files into five folders based on defense methods.

```
audios
├── ae
├── aew
├── fgsm
├── huang
└── pgd
```

# Naming conventions of the audio files

Naming conventions with prefixes are used to differentiate various types of audio files.

- The prefix `t_` indicates the target audio. For example, the file with the name 't_p236_167.wav' means that it is a target audio where the speaker is p236, and 167 serves as a more specific indicator for the audio.
- The prefix `s_` indicates the source audio. For example, the file 's_p262_088' indicates that it's a source audio, while others follow the same pattern as target audio.
- The prefixs `[ae_0075_, aew_0075, fgsm_0075, huang_0075, pgd_0075]` indicate the adversarial examples generated by each defense method mentioned in the paper. `ae_0075` is for our method, `aew_0075` is for our method without scwsm, `huang_0075` indicates Huang's method, and `fgsm_0075` and `pgd_0075` are self-evident. `0075` means the maximum perturbation amplitude is 0.075. Since the adversarial example is crafted from target audio, the method prefixes are attached to the given target audio, indicating that it is an adversarial example. For example, ae_t_p236_167.wav means the adversarial example crafted from the target audio t_p236_167.wav using our method. The same pattern is followed for the other four defense methods.

- "The prefix `cvt_` indicates the conversion audio. Furthermore, `cvt_triaan_`, `cvt_adainvc_`, `cvt_vqvcp_`, `cvt_againvc_` indicate that the conversion audio is generated by the VC models Triaan, Adainvc, Vqvcp, and Againvc, respectively. Since conversion audio must have a target audio and source audio, `cvt_triaan_A_to_B.wav` means that it's a conversion audio generated by Triaan, where `A` is a placeholder representing the target audio name, and `B` is the placeholder for the source audio. Let's examine some concrete examples.

  - `cvt_adainvc_t_p236_167_to_s_p262_088.wav` signifies a conversion audio where the VC model is Adainvc, and the target audio is `t_p236_167.wav`, while the source audio is `s_p262_088.wav`. Since it's a regular conversion, no adversarial example is involved.

  - `cvt_vqvcp_huang_0075_t_p236_167_to_s_p262_088.wav` means that it's a conversion audio where the VC model is Vqvcp, and the target audio is `huang_0075_t_p236_167.wav`, and the source audio is `s_p262_088.wav`. This time the conversion involves an adversarial example. It's an adversarial conversion compared to `cvt_vqvcp_t_p236_136_to_s_p262_088.wav`.

- **To summarize, there are five types of files**:

1. `t_*`, the target audios. (`*` is the wildcard to represent any pattern)
2. `s_*`, the source audios.
3. `METHODS_0075_t_*`, adversarial examples generated by given defense `METHODS`.
4. `cvt_MODELS_t_*`, regular conversion audios converted by given `MODELS`.
5. `cvt_MODELS_METHODS_0075_t_*`, adversarial conversion audios converted by given `MODELS` where the target audio is an adversarial example crafted by the given `METHODS`.
